hi guys while clapping I just get breath
in you hi guys welcome back to another
video I hope you're doing really really
well today we're back with another kind
of challenge it's been a minute since
I've done a challenge and I've listened
so much I literally love doing these
style videos there's just so much fun
and it's always a bit of a laugh and
always makes me so nervous like
especially when it includes asking weird
things like a drive-thru in my car today
I'm going to be trying your favorite
Starbucks drink I've put a question I've
asked you guys over on my Instagram what
your favorite Starbucks drinks are and I
actually I got so many responses and I
can't believe how much of you guys are
all like Starbucks fanatics like me I've
wrote a list of your favorite orders
that I'm gonna ordering I think you know
order about six or service and so I'm on
my way now it's a good job it's not hot
day because my aircon of a car has not
been working the best let me tell you
it's about 20 minutes from where are
they but yeah I think quite a few of
these challenges knocking about on the
old YouTube and I just thought I'd
definitely give it a go so fitting if
you've seen that video we're ordering
what the person in front of me ordered
oh my god my anxiety every single time I
went to like a drive-through of Jesus
respect but this is a bit a bit
different I guess I'm just obviously a
bit strange
I'm an accommodation of so much time of
like the barrister
I'm okay barista and it's such a shame
about YouTube copyright isn't it because
we could be jamming right now a bit of
an Bedingfield unwritten you know listen
to it
Bedingfield in a while and like I was
trying to sing in tune but it wasn't
happening today and then I just felt a
self getting louder and louder and you
haven't you just shouted it rather than
singing it like if I'm ever in a bit of
nightmare kind of mood or just a bit
moody I think just whack on some like
old-school sing-along so both of the
definitely warmed up now so hopefully on
the way back home you know
it made it we're in the Starbucks
carpark and just kind of compose myself
it's really busy and I actually forgot I
have these neat the whole car part is
full and suddenly comes in a
drive-through right now it does warm you
at 1:00 people who say thank you you
know any letter that oh my god they've
got a strawberry donut Pacino where have
I been for the past six boots I didn't
know that was a thing install but then
there's like three cars in front of me
it's really busy beautiful music
so my usual at a rhotic my New York star
were told it would be when it's warm
like an a Java chip Frappuccino with
almond milk or just like a play in
cappuccino and I've really changed it
for today is a good day to explore so
these are some of the responses so I
just picked out of them if you wrote in
thank you so much hi and I've got quite
a big order actually so just and please
don't start with a vanilla matcha tea
latte I've been a match - yeah an iced
peach tea iced green tea and basically a
hibiscus I don't know how you say that
one purpose good oh yeah viscous tea
lemonade this is a choc chip wrapper
with white mocha is it a white marker or
something so white or light white you
have a vodka you have all the milk as
well
unsweetened almond milk yes Oh perfect
thank you and then it's like sweet boy
Thanks
yeah I think it's only slightly
sweetened fast fine yeah
and then next a Java sorry should I slow
down that's fine Java chip Frappuccino
with soy milk and yeah the actual Java
chip have dairy in it all right
yeah yeah that should be further and
then strawberry and coconut Frappuccino
please
hey what sorry strawberry and coke
coconut property no yeah I think so yeah
very wise and that's everything Thanks
oh how cute
nothing's just got one the same same
milk for the whole order it's just so
different hibiscus tea lemon it that
sounds really nice
I actually clue what that is that guy on
the mic is a cutest guy right here oh
hello welcome to Starbucks how are you
today I love people like that you know
who just like positive friendly people
they always make you dead I'm curious I
don't know how much I wonder how much
they'll come to I ratted around the
first team are a six-string it's the
usually about a 3-pound a pop oh yeah
thank you so much have a nice day
oh I'm just like bowing a fool in my
seat but the really heavy attitude
through this full front sixth ring and
altogether it came to 22 pounds 10 I was
honestly expecting 30 pounds so I
listened that's too bad really
if I have to it let's start I think this
one that's most appetizing it's not
bright red would I watch some of the
challenges and I'm sure there was like a
tie-dyed drink in Starbucks and when I
went to Miami they had so many different
options there whereas the UK you know
isn't quite up to that mark yet we're
still on the hibiscus now I'm really
thirsty right now so this is quite
refreshing but probably and it's just a
bit bitter and I think it's just like a
type of tea it looks a lot nicer than it
actually tastes it's kind of like your
cranberry juice like creme reduce you
don't go like be sort of aftertaste so
not my fav I don't think I'd choose this
or Macy's come in
this was 295 crazy isn't it how much you
pay for like literally just such a small
thing that's filled with a ton of ice
this is about a 4 out of 10 like not bad
but I wouldn't choose it just because
it's a bit tasteless Oh cute how
interesting I actually love people
watching but I'm just not subtle at all
but look up ahead right now he's got
like a little cowboy hat on and this
lovely lady is already tucking in to it
looks like granola or something
my kind of gal so this was a popular one
by so many people I'm living for this
color right now out like that looks
really fresh and you can see the
strawberry particles now this is
strawberry cream with coconut milk no
whip now I'm not a coconut milk kind of
gal bollocks I might say that the finish
and it's like I'm kind like a smoothie
milkshake wow that is sensational mmm
you know sometimes how anything's got
milk-based cousin has to be a bit thick
especially in summer this year and it
like splits from your stomach like it's
super heavy rose this is like light and
tastes really healthy and not like
ridiculous degree but fresh at the same
time like I'm definitely getting this
again I would never ever pick this as
well because it doesn't have any coffee
in but on a nice slurry day when the
sunshine in now make sense why some of
you guys recommended this I would get
the cream on top I think next from there
I think it's a coconut look that makes
it like a bit like sort of thinner like
not too creamy and rich which is really
good because usually sometimes you know
you have it with a full meal canary thin
and like after three six it's kind of
like oh you feel a bit sick or it just
makes you bloat loads so I think coconut
milk that is a shout so thank you so
much and this comes in oh this was a
little bit steep so I think it was three
I can't see because on the thing it's
like super a little museum and it's a
bit and scribbled out so I think it was
a 375 plus plus 40 pence for a coconut
milk so that couple I was talking about
I'm at the furthest away from the Costco
front door entrance they're definitely
like neat up 24/7 because there's so
many spaces right near the door but
they've parked the furthest one away
next to me love that okay in them extra
texting guys that's quite so about it
really rhymes move like a strawberry
innocence movie on earth and much
pricier that is what reminds me of but
super refreshing okay right now we're
talking so this was recommended by two
girls and it is a two chocalate
chocolate chip white mocha almond milk
no wit and someone wrote dates like Oreo
look how nice that looks I'm definitely
more like a chocolate kind of girl other
than that fruit ah you can't really
taste the coffee or like if you're not a
coffee fan you can't really taste it
that is insane they don't mind you've
got Oreo ice cream or like an Oreo
milkshake so nice I definitely get this
again you can tell like you know
compares like the coconut milk with a
strawberry and it is like heavy if that
makes sense there's a woman with full
tray of Cosmo donuts and a cake I wonder
what she's going about they were thick
curious about that because I cannot have
all that in the house because I just end
up eating the whole entire thing but
yeah this is a strong strong 9 out of 10
I would highly recommend chocolate chip
white mocker with almond milk that was
375 plus force dependents put to the
omelet I think you have to pay a bit
more for like any plant-based or
favorite full now this is one of my
go-to use but some when I suggest it
with soy milk so Java chip Frappuccino
with soy I've noticed not many people
like drink whole milk anyway you like
cow's milk and I can't at least taste
like bit it looks like a like a deep
sort of dark brown now this is a bit
more like compared to the white marker a
lot of heavy it's more like a dark
chocolate if your dark chocolate kind of
fan I think this would definitely be for
you sometimes this is but coffee if I
know I think that I definitely can taste
them so I've just ruined everything I've
really got is it's really cold drinks
yet that is delicious I actually didn't
have choose the white mocha now over
this so I'm really glad but I found it
found that one above it yeah it's just
like a deeper sort of taste like more a
slightly more bitter you
like bits of chocolate that come in it
that you can chew and it tastes so good
this is probably like a seven and a half
out of ten then my best friend
Aliya actually recommended this would
match her latte grande of vanilla I'm
not a fan of matcha to be honest with
you oh it just reminds me of you know in
streams when you get that like buildup
of the thruth and everything it just
reminds me of that and smells like that
as well but I'm sorry I really don't
have found anyone if you guys pick this
so I'm sorry in advance but yeah I'll
try it though I've got to get a try
maybe they're the vanilla will like save
it oh oh wait
oh that is not for me
at all with the vanilla that smells like
grass but tastes like puddle water
not that I know what put a water but I
just imagine that is what sort of put a
water taste like not from the at all
just amazing way of taking some treats
popped it in a blender put a dash of
coffee in and that is what is in that
and I'm really sorry though that is your
favorite drink and whatnot I'm sure
maybe if it has loads of vanilla at or
something it would be nicer but that is
really that is a no from me so ignore it
just isn't Mason will probably love that
sweet oh it smells horrible
it's like really earthy so that is a 2
that is a 1 out of 10 for easily 3
pounds 30 of 50 pence with the vanilla
lastly we've got this we've got an iced
peach tea lemonade I think I'll probably
like this prefer I've never had it
before and I really I'm not a tea kind
of person yeah I mean it's nice it's
just like just tastes like kind of
sugary to me and I don't really I'm not
a tea kind of person to be honest I
wouldn't really rate this it's just kind
of playing like you know that Lipton
iced tea that you get it's just it's
really exactly the same as that but
obviously for 3 pound 25 so I wouldn't
rate it
so just got home here are some of the
rest of the drink so what's your
favorite right what's your favorite I've
got my fav huh
oh my god drama queen is right this is
my favorite are you joking
the green one that's a matcha one well
it tastes like cold water to me I can't
believe this isn't like any of the sweet
ones which would you worst Javitch it
really part I really like that one
guess which is my favorite of all yeah
no it's not some chocolates white shop
so I actually loved doing that video it
was so fun and I think my overall
favorite one was the white mocha with
all melt fat chip weren't that was so
damn good if you haven't Olli don't
forget to like this video it really
helps and supports my channel and helps
me to grow and subscribe and also let me
know what other videos you'd like to see
over on my channel and I will see you
guys in the next video